When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
  When there are multiple people working on a project or when access is needed from different workstations.
  
Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
  You may not be aware that others have posted to GitHub.  So, if a pull is done automatically, you may end up with  unexpected changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
  Branch - a separate path from master (production code).  Use it for experimentation or re-design until code is solid.
  Clone - a copy of a repository.  It can create a remote from a local repository or vice versa.  Cloning a remote to a local repository would be done so that all changes and testing can be done locally before posting to the remote.
  Fork - a copy of a GitHub repository onto the GitHub servers.  The original repository is left in tact while the new (forked) repository can be cloned onto a local repository where work can be done.  Or, the new (forked) repository could be updated on GitHub, depending on the file types involved.  


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
  It allows running of git diff origin/master master to show any differences between the local repository and the 
  remote one.  These differences may be the result of other people pushing to the remote repository.  Therefore, you have the opportunity to resolve any conflicts.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?  
  Without using Git or GitHub, every change needs to be documented, timestamped and emailed to all collaborators.  Then a conference needs to be held to resolve all conflicts.  With Git or GitHub, the changes can be made and all collaborators can be notified, examine the changes and respond.  When all agree and there are no conflicts, the merges can be done.

  